T.C.
ÖRNEK TEKNİK ÜNİVERSİTESİ
CHEMISTRY I (KIM 101E) – 2026/2027 FALL SEMESTER
TEXTBOOK
Brown, T. Chemistry: The Central Science.
SCHEDULE
Week	Date	Topics	Quizzes
1	28 Sep–2 Oct	Chapter 1: Matter and Measurement	−
2	5–9 Oct	Chapter 2: Atoms and Molecules	Quiz 1
8	23–27 Nov	Chapter 8: Bonding	Quiz 2
9	30 Nov–4 Dec Chapter 9: Molecular Geometry	Quiz 3
EXAMS AND ASSESSMENT OF GRADES
• Midterm (40%): The date will be announced soon.
• Final Exam (40%): The date will be announced by the Registrar’s Office.
• Quizzes (20%): See the table for the quiz schedule.
• VF Letter Grade: Students must attend at least 70% of the classes and take the midterm exam in order to be eligible to take the final exam. Students who do not satisfy these conditions receive a VF letter grade.
IMPORTANT NOTES
• Exams consist of multiple-choice questions. Exam grades are calculated by subtracting one-quarter of the number of incorrect answers from the number of correct answers.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
1. Whom should I contact if I have a question about the KIM 101E laboratories?
You can contact lecturer Deneme Örnek (lab.ornek@example.edu), who is in charge of the KIM 101E laboratories.
2. How are quiz scores calculated?
There will be four regular quizzes according to the schedule. Attendance is required for each regular quiz. If you do not have an attendance record for the relevant lecture, that quiz will be considered invalid and assigned a score of zero. Your three highest scores out of the four quizzes will be used to calculate your quiz grade.
3. How do I find out the exam dates?
You can find the date for the midterm exam in the relevant course syllabus.
4. How do I find out the location of my exam?
Exam locations will be announced on the information system a few days before the exam.
5. I believe there is a mistake in an exam question. Whom should I contact?
You may submit a petition to the department. You may also email kimya-
havuz@example.edu for further information.
6. What do I need to do to take the make-up exam?
Details regarding the location and time of make-up exams will be announced. You may contact the office during the week before the make-up exam.
